docs: Search Description Refresh Batch 06 (#14746)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/deployment-configurations/clients-outside-kubernetes.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Join External Clients to Consul on Kubernetes
description: >-

>   Client agents running on VMs that are not part of a Kubernetes cluster can join a service mesh that has agents running on k8s pods. Configure client agents to accept gRPC communication to join VMs to Kubernetes pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Client agents running on VMs can join a Consul datacenter running on Kubernetes. Configure the Kubernetes installation to accept communication from external clients.
```
